# S.I.M.M Information Log // 2.21.5370u
## Joint Union Task Force Brief
It has been *1 year and 5 months, Union time* since the reported, supposed cartel the **Pirate Armada** besieged the Union Core World candidate **Elbrus** in the system of **Olympus-7**.

The few survivors of an attempted exodus from the beset planet reported more than one hundred large pirate vessels. The reasoning behind this brutal and certainly unprovoked attack is currently unknown. 

It is however understood that instead of an immediate bombardment, the **Pirate Armada** began a sweeping ground assault following the initiation of their planetary blockade. 

City by city, the **Pirate Ground Forces** obliterated their competition using *Stolen SSC Technology*. The **Elbrus Planetary Defense Forces** fell into disarray due to the technological advantage that the pirates held.

The two largest issues facing any would be rescue force appear to be the pirate's spaceborne battle station, the stolen **SSC Kumonga**  [[RECON IMAGE]](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1142875312049369090/1222161000246153267/Kumonga.png?ex=66153521&is=6602c021&hm=3db44eeb58b6319b47a5774c6e8ce1048d22f74b32f6999c89b58829da3ff8a3&)] and their deployable mobile battlebase, the **SSC Gamera** [[RECON IMAGE](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1142875312049369090/1222159661394956429/GameraB.png?ex=661533e1&is=6602bee1&hm=bbff5d02a53c74f5a1f7360ef3f9f1ec60ea2e0aff2c48e69e20dd975a5f4f09&)].

The survivors report that the pirates are not simply exterminating the populace but are using some form of identification to abduct specific people. These people are so desired that it seems it has prevented the pirates from taking a fullscale scorched earth approach. It has been reported however that once the pirates have abducted these people, they obliterate the local area with **TBK ordnance**.

Within the next month, the **Joint Union Task Force** will arrive in the **Olympus-7** system. This task force is a combination of nearby **Union**, **Mirror Smoke Mercenary Company**, **Harrison Armory**, **Interplanetary Shipping Northstar**, **Karrakin Federation** and **freelance military forces**. Due to the information provided by **Smith-Shimano Corpro** regarding the specifications of the stolen technologies, it is to be assumed that the gathered forces should be sufficient to deal with the **Pirate Armada** and its ground forces.
